{'role': 'system', 'content': 'You are a Youtube Script writer, you are given a topic and you have to write a script for a video.'} 
{'role': 'user', 'content': 'Start with the introduction section of this topic: why we need to reform the political voting system?'} 
{'content': 'INTRODUCTION:\n\nWelcome back to our channel, where we discuss important topics and share our opinions with you. Today, we are going to talk about the need to reform the political voting system. \n\nVoting is the backbone of democracy, and fair and free elections are essential for a healthy democracy. However, in recent years, there have been growing concerns about the shortcomings of our current political voting system. \n\nFrom gerrymandering to voter suppression, the current system is riddled with flaws that undermine the very principles of democracy. If we want to ensure that our voices are truly heard and our votes count, we must take a hard look at the electoral system and reform it. \n\nIn this video, we will discuss the reasons why it is necessary to reform the political voting system, the current flaws in the system, and what we can do to bring about change. So, stay tuned, as we break down this important issue.', 'role': 'assistant'} 
{
  "content": "BODY:\n\nFirst and foremost, the reason we need to reform the political voting system is to ensure that every citizen's vote actually has an equal impact. In the current system, gerrymandering plays a significant role in distorting the electoral process. Gerrymandering is the practice of redrawing voting districts to benefit one political party over the other. This means that the boundaries of electoral districts are manipulated in a way that guarantees the victory of the party in power, regardless of whether or not they have the support of the majority of voters. This makes it almost impossible for voters to hold politicians accountable, as they are not selected based on the will of the majority.\n\nSecondly, the current system also suffers from voter suppression, which is the deliberate suppression of groups whose political views are likely to be contrary to the interests of those in power. This leads to the under-representation of certain demographics, such as non-white, low-income or younger voters. There are countless anecdotes of intentional reduction of polling stations, voter ID laws, and other tactics used to suppress voting by these groups.\n\nLastly, the current electoral system is insufficient to address the needs of our time. The traditional voting system was created during an era when our electoral body, laws, and technology were vastly different. In the 21st century, there exist no effective security protections against foreign interference in elections, as social media platforms become a place for influencing voters through misinformation and propaganda.\n\nCONCLUSION:\n\nIn conclusion, our current electoral system is riddled with flaws that must be fixed. The system fails to represent the voices of the majority, and makes it difficult for people to trust the system. However, there are options to make the system more fair, such as redrawing voting districts based on non-partisan committees, increasing access to voting, and exercising due diligence towards social media platforms to inhibit foreign interference. We need to take action to reform the political voting system, to ensure that everyone's voices are heard, and to cement the foundational institution of democracy in a modern era. Thank you for watching, and let us know your opinion in the comments below.",
  "role": "assistant"
} 
